Feature/gdev86 (#7)
ghga-de/microservice-repository-template: README.md

- in the current working directory were you are execute the service (on unix: `./.my_microservice.yaml`)
- in your home directory (on unix: `~/.my_microservice.yaml`)

The config yaml will be automatically parsed by the service.

**Important: If you are using containers, the locations refer to paths within the container.**

All parameters mentioned in the [`./example-config.yaml`](./example-config.yaml)
could also be set using environment variables or file secrets.

For naming the environment variables, just prefix the parameter name with `MY_MICROSERVICE_`,
e.g. for the `host` set an environment variable named `MY_MICROSERVICE_HOST`
(you may use both upper or lower cases, however, it is standard to define all env
variables in upper cases).

To using file secrets please refer to the
[corresponding section](https://pydantic-docs.helpmanual.io/usage/settings/#secret-support)
of the pydantic documentation.

## Development
For setting up the development environment, we rely on the
[devcontainer feature](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/remote/containers) of vscode
in combination with Docker Compose.

> To use it, you have to have Docker Compose as well as vscode with its "Remote - Containers" extension (`ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers`) extension installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use it, you have to have Docker Compose as well as vscode with its "Remote - Containers" extension (`ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers`) installed.
```

> Then, you just have to open this repo in vscode and run the command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then open this repository in vscode and run the command
```

`Remote-Containers: Reopen in Container` from the vscode "Command Palette".

This will give you a full-fledged, pre-configured development environment including:
- infrastructural dependencies of the service (databases, etc.)
- all relevant vscode extensions pre-installed
- pre-configured linting and auto-formating
- a pre-configured debugger
- automatic license-header insertion

Moreover, inside the devcontainer, there are two convenience commands available
(please type them in the integrated terminal of vscode):
- `dev_install` - install the service with all development dependencies,

> installs pre-commit, and applies any migration scripts to the test database

Reviewer: BTW, why is pre-commit not installed in the Dockerfile?

Author: The workspace is mounted after the container builds. And precommit installs as a git hook to the .git directory.

Reviewer: 👍

(please run that if you are starting the devcontainer for the first time

> or if added any python dependencies to the [`./setup.cfg`](./setup.cfg))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or if you added any python dependencies to the [`./setup.cfg`](./setup.cfg))
```
